Add in guidelines for contributing (#156)
actions/starter-workflows: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing

[code-of-conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> Hi there 👋 We are excited that you want to contribute a new workflow to this repo. By doing this you are helping our users get up and running with GitHub Actions and that's cool 😎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi there 👋 We are excited that you want to contribute a new workflow to this repo. By doing this you are helping people get up and running with GitHub Actions and that's cool 😎.
```

Contributions to this project are [released](https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/#6-contributions-under-repository-license) to the public under the [project's open source license](LICENSE.md).

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct]. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

> There are few requirements for adding in a new workflow, which I hope make sense and we'll need to review them before we merge a workflow. There are some more on the pull request template, when you create that, but generally an template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are few requirements for adding in a new workflow, which we'll need to review before we merge:
```
